Release notes 1.5.0 (#262)
NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver: release_notes/nrf_802154_1.5.0.md

# nRF IEEE 802.15.4 radio driver 1.5.0 release notes

> Release date: 2019-08-09

Author: I don't know any release notes except nRF SDK that uses week numbers, I think we should use a date as most projects do, in nRF SDK as well. It's not easy for most of people I know to understand week number, I think everyone understands day of a month easily.

> Release date: 2019-08-09

Reviewer: Week dates are used in case there are any delays in the release: you don't have to update the release notes with every day of delay. If you're sure of the date and you never have any release delays, use the precise date.

> This release provides a new feature that enables the next higher layer to cancel scheduled delayed transmission or delayed reception operations. This functionality is needed to implement CSL properly for multiple links.

Author: It's not clear for me right now. The thing is: there could be scheduled delayed transmission or there could be scheduled delayed reception or both. There is a new feature to cancel scheduled delayed transmission and another one to cancel scheduled delayed reception.

> This release provides a new feature that enables the next higher layer to cancel scheduled delayed transmission or delayed reception operations. This functionality is needed to implement CSL properly for multiple links.

Reviewer: Then write:

`This release adds a new feature that enables the next higher layer to cancel the scheduled delayed transmission and a new feature to cancel the scheduled delayed reception. These functionalities are needed for the implementation of CSL for multiple links.`

Additionaly this release includes a set of fixed bugs.

## New features:
* Cancelation of scheduled delayed transmissions and receptions. ([PR #247](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/247))

> * The delayed reception window is extended when a frame is detected at the end of the window. Previoulsy it was extended assuming that the detected frame length is maximal possible (127 bytes of PSDU). Now it is extended only by the time needed to receive (and acknowledge if requested) the detected frame. ([PR #246](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/246))

Author: Agree, I'll create a new section

* Measurement of RSSI during idle or active reception. ([PR #256](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/256), [PR #261](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/261))

## Bug fixes:
* Fixed several race conditions in the multi-protocol configuration. ([PR #250](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/250), [PR #254](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/254), [PR #257](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/257))

> * Updated configuration of PA/LNA pins for nRF52811 to match the pinout of the nRF52840 development kit. ([PR #251](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/251))

Author: Agree, I'll move

* Number of supported peers for the Auto Pending Bit feature is limited to 127.
* In multiprotocol configuration (SoftDevice RAAL), the application cannot use IRQ priority levels 2 and 3.
* The delayed operations do not detect delays caused by the ISR latency. Because of the ISR latency, the delayed transmission might be delayed for too long, or the reception window might be shorter than requested for the delayed transmission operation. To avoid such problems, it is recommended to minimize the ISR latency of the RTC instance that is used by the lp_timer module (RTC2 by default).

### Limitations of simultaneous operation of the SoftDevice front end and the 802.15.4 front end:
* Do not use the PPI channels reserved by the SoftDevice. The S140 SoftDevice v6.1.0 reserves PPI channels 17-31. Check definition of the `NRF_SOC_SD_PPI_CHANNELS_SD_ENABLED_MSK` macro in the `nrf_soc.h` file to verify the list of reserved PPI channels.
* The SoftDevice and the 802.15.4 driver must use separate sets of PPI channels, for example (1, 2) and (3, 4).
* The SoftDevice and the 802.15.4 driver must use separate sets of GPIOTE channels, for example 4 and (6, 7).

## Known issues:

> * If `NRF_802154_USE_RAW_API` is disabled, a pointer to a frame passed by the transmission result notifications is invalid. Workaround: enable `NRF_802154_USE_RAW_API` if the code relies on the passed pointer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `NRF_802154_USE_RAW_API` is disabled, a pointer to a frame passed by the transmission result notifications is invalid.
** Workaround: Enable `NRF_802154_USE_RAW_API` if the code relies on the passed pointer.
```

> * Deinitialization during transmission procedure works incorrectly. Workaround: enter sleep state prior to deinitialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deinitialization during the transmission procedure works incorrectly.
** Workaround: Enter sleep state prior to deinitialization.
```

> * Deinitialization of the driver works incorrectly in multiprotocol configuration (simulator or SoftDevice RAAL).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deinitialization of the driver works incorrectly in the multiprotocol configuration (simulator or SoftDevice RAAL).
```
No workaround here? Please mention it explicitly.

> * Calling API of the driver in a loop when the driver is waiting for an ACK infinitely prolongs waiting for an ACK and leads to an assertion fault. Workaround: don't call API of the driver until last transmission request notifies success or failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Calling the API of the driver in a loop when the driver is waiting for an ACK causes the waiting for an ACK to last indefinitely, which leads to an assertion fault.
** Workaround: Do not call the API of the driver until the last transmission request sends a notification of success or failure.
```

## Bug fixes
* Fixed several race conditions in the multi-protocol configuration. See [PR #250](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/250), [PR #254](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/254), and [PR #257](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/257).
* Fixed an issue with the `BKPT` instruction that would cause faults that led to resets and prevented post-mortem debugging. Now, the `BKPT` instruction must be enabled with `ENABLE_DEBUG_ASSERT_BKPT` and is called only in the debug configuration. See [PR #254](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/254).
* Fixed the incorrect IRQ priority value for the example clock driver provided with the driver source code by changing it from 10 to 7. It is now within the acceptable MCU range. See [PR #258](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/258).
* Added a missing public function for clearing the IE data stored for the Enh-Ack frames. See [PR #259](https://github.com/NordicSemiconductor/nRF-IEEE-802.15.4-radio-driver/pull/259).

> 

Author: - [ ] Add info about uninitialized pointer usage fix

Release date: August 9, 2019

> This release provides a new feature that enables the next higher layer to cancel the delayed operations. When a delayed transmission, or a delayed reception is scheduled, it can be cancelled. This functionality is needed for the implementation of CSL for multiple links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release provides a new feature that enables the next higher layer to cancel the delayed operations. When a delayed transmission or a delayed reception is scheduled, it can be cancelled. This functionality is needed for the implementation of CSL for multiple links.
```
